hey guys hey guys caitlin ok we're going
to be doing the arizona iced tea
challenge so basically for this
challenge you feel like try to charge
off whole arizona iced tea in like 30
seconds or a minute or something but
we're not going to time it we're just
going to see if you could chug it this
challenge was inspired by the claptrap
our second life so I'm sure a lot of you
have seen people in the nocturnal so
yeah so tell my flavors so mine is kiwi
strawberry and mine is iced tea with you
heard that
we're gonna check out my son basketball
short sales
Oh
Wow
you
alright so oh my god this was it
completed okay let's finish mine oh I'm
not gonna just fuck we finished like
this much miles up this year my my thank
you you'll spit out most years no after
second with you keep on laughing these
guys